Zulu (the “Product”) incorporates third-party licensed software packages. Some of 
these have distribution restrictions and some have only reporting requirements. 
This document lists the third-party licensed software packages for Zulu extensions
supplied within the Zulu Commercial Compatibility Kit.


Legal Notices
Published August 1, 2014
Copyright (c) 2014, Azul Systems, Inc. 1173 Borregas Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA
94089-1306.
All rights reserved.

Azul Systems, Azul Zulu, Zulu, and the Azul logo are trademarks or registered
trademarks of Azul Systems, Inc. Monotype is a trademark of Monotype 
Imaging Inc. registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and may be
registered in certain other jurisdictions. The Monotype logo is a trademark of 
Monotype Imaging Inc. and may be registered in certain jurisdictions. All other
trademarks are the property of their respective holders and are used here only for
identification purposes.


%% This notice is provided with respect to Monotype fonts, which may 
be included with this software: 

By installing and using the Product, you agree to the following terms and conditions
for the benefit of Monotype Imaging, Inc., regarding Font Software owned by 
Monotype Software, Inc. 

	1.	The Product contains font software programs which generate human readable
	typeface designs (“Font Software”). You may not install or use the Font Software on
	any device except one on which you have installed a properly licensed copy of the
	Product.

	2.	The Font Software is supplied to you for Internal Use only. “Internal Use,” as
	used herein, means use (i) in the course of your customary and ordinary internal
	business, or (ii) for your personal use. If used in the course of your customary
	and ordinary internal business, Internal Use shall mean use solely by your
	authorized agents and employees. If used for personal use, Internal Use shall mean
	use solely by individuals who reside with you in your household. All such agents,
	employees and household residents must agree to the terms and conditions of this
	EULA as a condition of using the Font Software. Internal Use shall occur when an
	individual is able to give commands (whether by keyboard or otherwise) that are
	followed by the Font Software, regardless of the location in which the Font
	Software resides.

	3.	You may not convert the Font Software into a different format. You may not
	alter or modify the Font Software in any manner which results in the Font Software
	having different or enhanced functionality then when it was delivered to you as
	part of the Product.

	4.	You may use an application program such as Adobe Acrobat to embed the Font
	Software into an electronic document. You may send such an electronic document to a
	third party only for the purpose of permitting the third party to view and print the
	electronic document. Font Software may not be embedded in any format which permits
	the recipient of an electronic document to install the Font Software or to use the
	Font Software for any purpose beyond merely viewing and printing the document. You
	may not embed Font Software into a Commercial Product. A “Commercial Product” is an
	electronic document which is distributed in exchange for a fee or other
	consideration. For example, you cannot embed Font Software into an electronic book
	or magazine which is offered to the public for a fee.

	5.	Except for the print and view embedding permission granted in paragraph 4 above,
	you may not copy the Font Software, provided, however, you may make one copy of the
	Font Software for archival purposes only. The archival copy cannot be distributed
	and can be used only when you have permanently deleted the original or any copy of
	the Font Software on your device. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or take
	any action which results in or designed to result in gaining access to the source
	code of the Font Software, except as permitted by law and then only for the purpose
	of achieving an interoperable program.

	6.	The Font Software supplied with the Product is proprietary and is protected by
	U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. All rights not expressly set
	forth herein are reserved. A breach of this End User License Agreement may subject
	you to damages and injunctive relief under this Agreement as well as under
	applicable copyright and trademark law.

	7.	YOU AGREE THAT THE FONT SOFTWARE IS SUPPLIED TO YOU WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES,
	EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A
	PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY. You agree that the Font Software is supplied
	without any warranty that the Font Software is free of all bugs, errors, and
	omissions. YOU AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL THE PROVIDER OF THE PRODUCT OR ITS
	SUPPLIERS, INCLUDING THE SUPPLIER(S) OF THE FONT SOFTWARE, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY
	OTHER PARTY FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, OR ANY OTHER INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR
	CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF YOU NOTIFIED
	THE PROVIDER OF THE PRODUCT AND THE SUPPLIERS OF THE FONT SOFTWARE OF THE
	POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. You agree that your sole and exclusive remedy and the
	sole liability of the provider of the Product and the supplier(s) of the Font
	Software for defective Font Software is, upon return of the defective Font Software
	to the provider of the Product, either (and at the sole option of the provider of
	the Product (i) the replacement of defective Font Software or (ii) the refund of
	your licensee fee paid for such Font Software. Some jurisdictions do not allow the
	exclusion or limitations of incidental, consequential or special damages, so the
	above exclusion may not apply to you. Also, some jurisdictions do not allow the
	exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may
	last, so the above limitations may not apply to you. To the greatest extent permitted
	by law, any implied warranties not effectively excluded by this Agreement are
	limited to ninety (90) days. Some jurisdictions do not permit a limitation or
	exclusion of implied warranties where the product results in physical injury or
	death so that such limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. In those
	jurisdictions, you agree that the liability of the supplier of the Font Software 
	for such physical injury shall not exceed one hundred thousand dollars
	(U.S. $100,000), provided that such jurisdictions permit a limitation of such
	liability. This warranty gives you specific legal rights. You may have other rights
	that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Other than as expressly set forth herein,
	the Font Software is non-returnable and nonrefundable.

	8.	This license shall remain in effect so long as you are in material compliance
	with all of its terms and conditions. If you breach any of the terms and conditions,
	this license is automatically terminated and you are obligated to destroy the
	original and all copies of the Font Software. In such event, upon the request of the
	provider of the Product or the suppliers of the Font Software, you shall provide
	written certification of such destruction.

	9.	If you are acquiring Font Software on behalf of any unit or agency of the
	United States Government, the following provisions shall apply. Use, duplication
	or disclosure by the United States Government is subject to restrictions as set
	forth in the Rights in Technical Data and computer Software clause at FAR 252.227-7013,
	subdivision (b)(3)(ii) or subparagraph (c)(1(ii), as appropriate. Further use,
	duplication or disclosure is subject to restrictions to restricted rights software
	as set forth in FAR 52.227-19(c)(2).
